Hit our 4 major gangs
Brother Jiang
The unity of this statement
Stupid, can't you see?
Our four major gangs alone are not enough to gain strength
But four families unite
Even he Wang Xiaohu can't wait for the world
He has long been dissatisfied with us
I said Iron Claw Tiger King
How can you stand out for a street stall?
Is he taking this opportunity to get rid of us?
Exactly.
He made us destroy our own son
What this actually means is that we want to combat our danger.
I can't even protect our own son
How can our little brother serve us?
Oops, I see it.
You iron-clawed tiger king
Why did a big brother suddenly appear?
Boy Wang, in order to deal with our four major gangs
He actually condescended to call a big brother who opened a food stall
You are also deliberate
Miaomiao Jiang has such a good imagination
It's a pity not to be a screenwriter
Stop bluffing me
I already saw your trick
Too bad it's too late
My poor child
Wang Xiaohu, you are not kind
Don't blame me for being unjust
If you hand this person over tonight
And no longer embarrass our four gangs
Maybe we can end it well
But otherwise what?
Or the four of us gangs will unite
I'm dead with you